I don't know why I do this to myself but
I bought 20 more broken Nintendo
switches to see if I can fix them and if
I can make money let's take them apart I
paid a total of one thousand eight
hundred and fifteen dollars for this
entire lot of 20 units and that comes
out to ninety dollars and seventy five
cents each there's gonna be three things
we do to start the diagnosis on these
twenty Nintendo switches the first thing
is we're gonna check for power the
second thing is we're gonna check the
USB C port to see if it's crunched and
number three we're gonna check the
charge current once we know the charge
current that'll give us a hint to what
might be going on inside the system and
then we'll go inside and see if we can
fix it now for everyone's favorite part
let's take them apart let's just start
with this first one on the top so we'll
check for power first for sure no power
let's check the USB C charge port I see
no problems there and when we plug in
the charge cable we get a point to eight
point zero eight it's really jumping
around there there's nothing else we can
tell without taking it apart so we're
gonna do that next I'll be using a
precision electric screwdriver and I'll
leave the link in the description below
if you would like that for yourself I
find it to be super helpful it saves my
wrists from all the twisting and turning
and makes it so I can fix a lot more
switches in one day
[Music]
well I can immediately see what the
problem is here if you look right here
the liquid into indicator label is pink
we've got some corrosion down here as
well as corrosion down here and over
here so anytime I see corrosion on a
board the first thing we need to do is
get the motherboard out check all the
damage clean off all the corrosion and
see if there's anything that we can fix
on it sometimes I find liquid damage
that is easily fixable other times it is
very difficult to impossible to fix
[Music]
so we've got the main corrosion areas
around here no corrosion up here we've
definitely got some here and over here
now as far as the other side of the
board goes I've got a little bit there a
little bit there no corrosion up here
the game card slot has a lot of
corrosion here I can't tell if there's
any inside there possibly there's none
on the connector this actually might be
savable we'll figure that out in a
little bit here so I'm actually fairly
hopeful on this board I think I might be
able to fix it but I got to get all that
corrosion cleaned off and then we can
test it more
and one of the worries you have any time
you see corrosion on these is that the
liquid gets in here and gets under these
chips and corrode them underneath same
with this big chip here I don't see
that's definitely rusted right here on
the case around it but I don't see any
problems underneath so I'm hoping at
least a little bit I can see underneath
I'm hoping that there isn't actually any
corrosion under here there's not really
any way to know for sure unless you took
them off which then you'd have to reball
them which is a pain so I'm not gonna
take them off I'm gonna hope that
they're fine underneath and we'll get
the rest of this board cleaned and then
we'll see so I've got a fairly clean I'm
gonna use my digital multimeter to check
for shorts so these are capacitors it
should be when I touch one side and not
beep when I touch the other side and you
can see that all these capacitors are
good it beeps when there is very little
to no resistance this is just a coil of
wire there should be very little
resistance which there is and the fuse
very little resistance there as well
let's check the video chip on the back
this is the video chip right here
okay everything's normal there so this
motherboard actually seemed to clean up
clean up okay so I have high hopes for
it I'm gonna get it put back installed
and see if we can get the battery to
charge and also try an own good battery
to see if we can get it to start up
if you take one of these switches apart
before you know that this ribbon cable
can be sort of tricky so I'm gonna show
you a little trick here that you can do
what I do is I take this ribbon cable
actually bend it just a little bit so
this part is bent down a little bit so
then I can fold it in here and you can
see it's bent down as it's going into
the connector so then I just kind of
wiggle it around I don't force it in
there just kind of wiggle it around a
little bit and there we go
now it's back together enough to test
let's plug in the battery and see if it
turns on okay there we go see what this
shows point three one three zero okay we
got sort of the same thing so I'm gonna
try a known good battery and see if that
helps us out any
okay now we got a known good battery
well let's see what happens point four
zero and we had something on the screen
let's see if it'll turn on hey there we
go this is great news it's also fast
charging and there we go now for switch
number one we know all it needs is a new
battery now so I'm gonna get that
battery installed they don't get to put
all back together and get it cleaned up
and ready for sale of course I didn't
forget to put the speakers in I was
gonna cut this clip out but I knew if I
didn't show it then a bunch of comments
we're gonna come in and say you forgot
the speakers
don't forget the speakers so we got the
speaker's installed now I'm ready to
replace the battery don't ever use
anything metal to pry up a battery yes I
am doing that here but don't do this
part the way I do it I've replaced a ton
of these so I know how much force I can
put on them without breaking them
without bending them too much so just
don't use metal if you're trying to
replace these and if you're not
comfortable with it or don't know how to
do it just don't try it because these
can start on fire very easily I'm gonna
take some of this foam right here and
put on the outside of this battery
that'll cushion it inside there and make
sure it's not rattling around at all so
it doesn't have to be the whole thing
and this stuff is actually pretty hard
to get up it's not really made to be
placed onto another battery but I always
use it just because then it's not
rattling around inside there
[Music]
now I've got the foam on here and I put
the tape on the back of it so it'll
stick down I use Tessa tape for this
everything all the parts and tools I use
for all of these repairs are on my
Amazon Shop the link to that is located
in the description and there we go
I'm gonna double check and make sure it
does still work yep this one does have
some scratches on the screen a little
bit of dirt on it I can clean up to make
the screen look a little better but now
we just need to clean the thermal paste
off of our heatsink and applying new
thermal paste put it all back together
and we're ready to go
[Music]
okay we got it back together but we do
need to test a few more things you need
to make sure the joy Kahn's both connect
and then I also do want to test the
touch screen just to make sure that is
fully working and then I'll do a little
more testing off screen that'll take a
little bit longer just to make sure it's
in good working condition remember this
one did have damage on the game card
slot as well so let's see if it works or
not oh yeah so that works good
let's check the controller for
connection that one connects oh that one
does not connect and you probably won't
be able to see this but I can see right
down there there is some corrosion there
so I'm gonna get that fixed right now so
then we can just call this one totally
fixed so I did have to take it all back
apart because we need to get this entire
rail out so I can clean it good
now with all the screws along here
removed and the ribbon cable
disconnected this will just pop out like
this then there's a little pin in here
just push through there we go
we're gonna get this piece out give it a
nice good cleaning actually this one
looks really good
oh I took off the wrong one this is the
one that's corroded yeah well at least
we know this one's good we'll put this
one back together and get this one off
I'm using a sim tray bit to get the pin
out there we go
and here we go look at that so here's
the problem with our joy con connection
okay so that's much better the corrosion
is all gone off of here now this part of
the pins is not quite as shiny but that
is normally not a problem as long as
there's no corrosion as long as you get
all the corrosion off so the corrosion
doesn't keep happening as long as the
corrosion stops and it can it's nice and
clean then usually that connection in
that part will last as long as it
normally would
there we go and there we go it works
great oK we've had this apart fixed back
together and then apart to fix something
else and now it's back together let's
test the touchscreen and a few other
functions just to make sure all the main
functions work and then I'll test the
rest off screen so I'll test a few more
things off camera but switch number one
is fixed that one took a little longer
than normal which is pretty typical with
liquid damage because there's usually
more than one thing that's wrong but the
nice thing is all we had to replace it
was the battery one down 19 more to go
now let's go to switch number two and
does it power on of course
hey it's whoa it does power on okay cool
I just assumed that all of these
wouldn't power on controllers work
so first the back plastic then all the
silver screws and the SD card slot then
the metal plate then the heatsink and
here we go it actually looks super clean
I was thinking maybe there was some sort
of problem with it overheating I really
don't think it's actually overheating I
don't see any problems with the heatsink
the heatsink fins the thermal paste or
the fan the fan is absolutely clean so
this one I'll have to test more
off-camera but I see no problems at all
so switch number two I don't actually
think there's anything wrong with it I'm
going to test it a little more
off-camera and do a little more
extensive testing and take a little
longer and I'll come back and let you
know if there's anything wrong but right
now switch number two is fixed and we
fixed two out of twenty let's move on to
number three probably a few more broken
ones after that right and here is number
three let's see if it turns on I can't
imagine we're gonna get that lucky again
so let's see what happens when we plug a
charger into it
we've got point three point two two okay
this one's sticking there pretty well so
let's take it apart and see what's
causing the problem alright all the
screws are out let's have a look no
immediate problems no liquid damage
which is good news so everything looks
fine so far let's remove the battery
connector so then we can test more stuff
on the board as you probably figured out
by now the first thing I do is test the
capacitors around this chip and around
this chip that'll tell me if there is
any problems on this chip this chip or
the video chip on the other side so this
capacitor is shorted but it but the
actual capacitor is probably not shorted
it's probably just the circuit
so usually when this capacitor shorted
sometimes it can be this chip usually
it's the video chip on the other side as
you can see all the other chips are fine
so what we need to do on this one is
take the motherboard out and look at the
video chip on the other side and this
right here is the video chip we'll test
this capacitor and see if it's shorted
it normally is when that other capacitor
is shorted on the other side and it is
shorted so most likely this video chip
needs to be replaced I'm going to take
this to my microscope and soldering
station what you're going to see me do
is remove this chip I'm going to use
some flux to put around here and that
flux will help the solder melt and flow
once I applied to heat and then I will
test this capacitor to see if it's still
shorted and it probably isn't and if
that's the case then I'll put on a new
video chip and we'll bring it back here
and put it back in the switch to see if
that'll fix it
[Music]
so let's see if our short is gone with
that chip replaced and it is now let's
see if the short is gone from the other
side and it is now that I think we have
all the shorts fixed all the chips fixed
I'm going to connect a battery a good
battery to this and then we'll check and
see how it's charging and it's charging
at point four zero and then it goes to
one point seven three that's completely
normal charging so I think this board is
probably fixed now I'm going to get it
back in the switch and see if it works
and it looks like we've got a normally
charging battery so this is good news
the only time that this sometimes causes
a problem is every wants them all I'll
find a battery where it will slow
charged but then it won't actually fast
charge so what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna
plug in a known good battery just so I
can test the basic functions of this
make sure the screen works and whatnot
and then we'll put this all back
together and keep it on a charger for a
while just to make sure that the
battery's good and we have our known
good battery hooked up and there we go
I'm gonna get it all back together and
leave it on a charger for several hours
maybe even overnight and make sure it
charges up and then we can test it
further so it looks like switch number
three is fixed so far we're three out of
three you guys are gonna be great look
let's move on to number four
so here's number four check for power no
power of course USB C port looks fine
let's see how it charges
we've got point four zero but nothing at
all on the screen sometimes point four
zero can be a normal slow charge usually
it's up at point four six but it can go
at point four zero so the problem with
this is if it's point four zero if it's
slow charging with nothing on the screen
I don't know how to fix that I've not
found the fix for that yet
so I think that this one I'm going to
take the back cover off put a known good
battery in it check for shorts on the
board and then we'll go from there
all right let's open it up see if
there's any liquid damage no no liquid
damage at all everything looks really
good so let's check for shorts on the
board and see what we find
once again we'll check this one up by
the charge chip
[Music]
all right we definitely have a short
here so we'll take this motherboard out
and check that video chip again see what
that one looks like all right let's
check this capacitor near the charged
chip definitely shorted so we need to
replace this and hopefully that's all I
needs well let's see if the short on the
video chip capacitor is gone okay
good we're good there let's check the
capacitor near the charge chip that
one's good and that short is gone now
we'll plug the battery in what do you
think is it gonna charge normally here
we go two zero three nine zero four zero
two zero now I should fast charge and
it's fast charging yes so number four is
also a success so far this lot is going
great we are at four out of four number
four I do need to test a little bit more
make sure the battery is good and that
sort of a thing but so far it looks like
the motherboard is performing perfectly
so now it's time to move on to number
five here's number five no power point
two one point two five chargers kind of
jumping all over stuck at point two five
what do you think is this gonna be
another video chip I think it could be
let's take it apart okay and here we go
let's see what it looks like on the
inside just like the others looks really
clean let's get this battery
disconnected and let's see if we have
any shorts
well okay so there's it's not actually
shorted this time that's pretty strange
so none of these are shorted and none of
these are shorted we got continuity
through the coil and if the fuse is bad
there would be nothing there so I'm
gonna try known-good battery and see if
we get any power that way and we get
nothing so nothing happens even with a
good battery which makes me wonder it
still could be the video chip it's not
as likely since there's no shorts on any
of the capacitors around the chips but
it still could be the video chips so I'm
gonna get the motherboard out all the
way and then we'll test that so I pulled
this ribbon cable up and I do see we've
got some sort of liquid damage going on
here so that means this connector
probably has it all so we need to check
this connector if we've got liquid
damage on these connectors that can
cause no display so you can see there's
also some corrosion down in here and
same width right here we'll be able to
see how much damage there is after them
all the board is totally out oh yeah we
definitely got a problem here look at
that so that is the back light connector
so we got another liquid damaged one
okay we've got definitely some
a lot of damage right in there and
possibly some is another BGA chip so
this one could be hard to get all the
way clean that could be a problem
since there aren't any actual shorts on
this I'm gonna plug this battery in and
then plug the charge cable in and see
what kind of readings we get still at
point four zero let's see if it jumps up
and fast charges
definitely not so that's a bummer it
probably means there's some serious
shorts on the back of this and most
likely this main ship is probably
shorted out that being said I'm gonna
put this back in and just see if we get
any kind of picture when we put it back
in with the back light connector and
ribbon cable cleaned it might give us
enough to get a picture sometimes these
will slow charge and just never fast
charge if there is damage on the board
and that can still work that can be okay
but we won't know until we get it back
together and see if we get any sort of
picture on the screen okay I have it
together just enough to test it just
bare-bones
let's see if it'll turn on definitely
doesn't turn on let's check what happens
with the charger
oh wow it does fast charge now see 1.81
there's just nothing on the screen
so since does fast charge that does give
me a little bit of hope I'm gonna put
this motherboard under my microscope and
check it out and see if I can figure out
exactly what's causing the no display so
I checked it under the microscope and
found that for sure the backlight ribbon
cable is definitely bad so if I want to
use this front case I'll have to replace
the digitizer at least it is also
possible LCD is bad so what I'm actually
gonna do is wait until I get one that's
one of these other ones where the
motherboard is damaged or not fixable
and then I'll plug this motherboard into
that and see if it works I did take this
motherboard and look under the
microscope and found that this chip also
has a little bit more corrosion under it
so I took a toothbrush and worked on it
from each side and trying to tried to
get the bristles down inside into the
solder balls to clean them off and I
think I did pretty well but I won't know
for sure until we can test it in another
case so for number 5 we're going to set
it aside and wait till we have another
switch where the motherboard is not
fixable and then we'll just plug this
one in and see if this one works
correctly so so far we're at least four
out of five maybe five out of five I'm
not totally sure but I have good feeling
about this motherboard so we might have
fixed five out of five so far I'll put
part number two up on your screen says
click on that and come hang out with me
on part number two and see how many I
can fix in part two thanks so much for
watching this video and supporting my
channel and I hope you have a good day